README.md, before:

Mnemonix
========

> *A unified interface to key-value stores.*


[hex]:                 https://hex.pm/packages/mnemonix
[hex-version-badge]:   https://img.shields.io/hexpm/v/mnemonix.svg?maxAge=86400&style=flat-square
[hex-downloads-badge]: https://img.shields.io/hexpm/dt/mnemonix.svg?maxAge=86400&style=flat-square
[hex-license-badge]:   https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-7D26CD.svg?maxAge=86400&style=flat-square

[![Version][hex-version-badge] ![Hex][hex-downloads-badge] ![License][hex-license-badge]][hex]

## Synopsis

`Mnemonix` aims to help you:

  - Get running with key-values stores with minimal ceremony
  - Experiment with different key-value store backends for your application
  - Allow end-users of your library liberty to choose their preferred backend

It encodes the behaviour, lifecycle, and feature set of a key-value store behind a common `GenServer` interface, normalizes different store APIs to conform to that interface, polyfill stores lacking features, and exposes access to them through a `Map` inspired API.

Learn more about starting a `Mnemonix.Store` and manipulating it with the `Mnemonix` API in the [documentation](https://hexdocs.pm/mnemonix/index.html).

##### Pronunciation: *`noo-MAHN-icks`*

> Mnemonic systems are techniques or strategies consciously used to improve memory. They help use information already stored in long-term memory to make memorization an easier task.
>
> — *[Mnemonics](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mnemonic)*, **Wikipedia**

## Status

|         :thumbsup:         |  [Continuous Integration][status]   |        [Test Coverage][coverage]         |
|:--------------------------:|:-----------------------------------:|:----------------------------------------:|
|      [Master][master]      |   ![Build Status][master-status]    |   ![Coverage Status][master-coverage]    |
| [Development][development] | ![Build Status][development-status] | ![Coverage Status][development-coverage] |

[status]: https://travis-ci.org/christhekeele/mnemonix
[coverage]: https://coveralls.io/github/christhekeele/mnemonix

[master]:              https://github.com/christhekeele/mnemonix/tree/master
[master-status]: https://img.shields.io/travis/christhekeele/mnemonix/master.svg?maxAge=86400&style=flat-square
[master-coverage]: https://img.shields.io/coveralls/christhekeele/mnemonix/master.svg?maxAge=86400&style=flat-square

[development]:              https://github.com/christhekeele/mnemonix/tree/development
[development-status]: https://img.shields.io/travis/christhekeele/mnemonix/development.svg?maxAge=86400&style=flat-square
[development-coverage]: https://img.shields.io/coveralls/christhekeele/mnemonix/development.svg?maxAge=86400&style=flat-square

## Installation

- Add `Mnemonix` to your project's dependencies in its `mix.exs`:

  ```elixir
  def deps do
    [{:mnemonix, "~> 0.2.0"}]
  end
  ```

- Ensure `Mnemonix` is started before your application:

  ```elixir
  def application do
    [applications: [:mnemonix]]
  end
  ```

## Contributing

[Pull requests](https://github.com/christhekeele/mnemonix/pulls) are welcome and greatly appreciated!

Here are some useful commands if you've just forked the project and want to contribute:

- `mix deps.get` - Get development dependencies
- `mix test` - Run the test suite
- `mix credo` - Run static code analysis on Elixir source
- `mix dialyzer` - Run static code analysis on compiled BEAM bytecode
- `mix docs` - Generate documentation files
- `mix clean` - If any of the above stop behaving as expected

Commit message:

Disambiguate from mwmiller's similarly named library.

README.md, after:

Mnemonix
========

> *A unified interface to key-value stores.*


[hex]:                 https://hex.pm/packages/mnemonix
[hex-version-badge]:   https://img.shields.io/hexpm/v/mnemonix.svg?maxAge=86400&style=flat-square
[hex-downloads-badge]: https://img.shields.io/hexpm/dt/mnemonix.svg?maxAge=86400&style=flat-square
[hex-license-badge]:   https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-7D26CD.svg?maxAge=86400&style=flat-square

[![Version][hex-version-badge] ![Hex][hex-downloads-badge] ![License][hex-license-badge]][hex]

## Synopsis

`Mnemonix` aims to help you:

  - Get running with key-values stores with minimal ceremony
  - Experiment with different key-value store backends for your application
  - Allow end-users of your library liberty to choose their preferred backend

It encodes the behaviour, lifecycle, and feature set of a key-value store behind a common `GenServer` interface, normalizes different store APIs to conform to that interface, polyfill stores lacking features, and exposes access to them through a `Map` inspired API.

Learn more about starting a `Mnemonix.Store` and manipulating it with the `Mnemonix` API in the [documentation](https://hexdocs.pm/mnemonix/index.html).

##### Pronunciation: *`noo-MAHN-icks`*

> Mnemonic systems are techniques or strategies consciously used to improve memory. They help use information already stored in long-term memory to make memorization an easier task.
>
> — *[Mnemonics](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mnemonic)*, **Wikipedia**

Not to be confused with the mnemicode library, [`Mnemonex`](https://github.com/mwmiller/mnemonex).

## Status

|         :thumbsup:         |  [Continuous Integration][status]   |        [Test Coverage][coverage]         |
|:--------------------------:|:-----------------------------------:|:----------------------------------------:|
|      [Master][master]      |   ![Build Status][master-status]    |   ![Coverage Status][master-coverage]    |
| [Development][development] | ![Build Status][development-status] | ![Coverage Status][development-coverage] |

[status]: https://travis-ci.org/christhekeele/mnemonix
[coverage]: https://coveralls.io/github/christhekeele/mnemonix

[master]:              https://github.com/christhekeele/mnemonix/tree/master
[master-status]: https://img.shields.io/travis/christhekeele/mnemonix/master.svg?maxAge=86400&style=flat-square
[master-coverage]: https://img.shields.io/coveralls/christhekeele/mnemonix/master.svg?maxAge=86400&style=flat-square

[development]:              https://github.com/christhekeele/mnemonix/tree/development
[development-status]: https://img.shields.io/travis/christhekeele/mnemonix/development.svg?maxAge=86400&style=flat-square
[development-coverage]: https://img.shields.io/coveralls/christhekeele/mnemonix/development.svg?maxAge=86400&style=flat-square

## Installation

- Add `Mnemonix` to your project's dependencies in its `mix.exs`:

  ```elixir
  def deps do
    [{:mnemonix, "~> 0.2.0"}]
  end
  ```

- Ensure `Mnemonix` is started before your application:

  ```elixir
  def application do
    [applications: [:mnemonix]]
  end
  ```

## Contributing

[Pull requests](https://github.com/christhekeele/mnemonix/pulls) are welcome and greatly appreciated!

Here are some useful commands if you've just forked the project and want to contribute:

- `mix deps.get` - Get development dependencies
- `mix test` - Run the test suite
- `mix credo` - Run static code analysis on Elixir source
- `mix dialyzer` - Run static code analysis on compiled BEAM bytecode
- `mix docs` - Generate documentation files
- `mix clean` - If any of the above stop behaving as expected
